Now let's go and download the AWOS apply and have it up and running on our windows machine to do that.
I'll say a WSC apply for Windows just like that.
And from there I'm going to go to the first link from Amazon and on the top right of the screen on there
the window section I can see that 64 bit and 32 bit Windows installers for AWOS command line interface.
And of course since I'm on a 64 bit of operating system Windows 10 I have to select the 64 bit and are
AWOS.
Download is tarting.
And once we finish we're going to start installing us on our windows machine.
All right our AWOS realize Towler is now.
Download it.
Let's just head from
and let's just select the Windows Installer and hit OK.
Now let's hit next and accept the license agreement and we want everything about a WSC a lie on our
computer.
I'll hit next.
And I'm simply going to hit install and of course I am excepting the control of administrator access
for this installer and I'll hit.
Yes.
Now are a WSC allies being installed on our computer.
Here we go.
Our AWOS command line interface is now set up on our windows machine.
Now we have to verify that if we have our a key U.S. ally properly installed on our machine.
To do that let's open up a command prompt
and from there let's just type A W-S.
All right.
As you can see our AWOS command is not recognized with the windows command line.
So there are a few things to do when we receive this error.
The problem is that the AWOS install could not properly set our path for A W-S.
So our command prompt cannot see the command to fix that.
Let's first locate the AWOS CLIA installation and within our computer let's go to our C-Drive and from
there let's go to Program Files and with an Amazon and a U.S..
All right.
This is the base path that we need to get to.
And I'm just going to copy this path and I'm going to search for the environment variables
and from the environment variables I'm going to select the path and I'm going to add the path for our
AWOS Seelye I'll hit OK and I'll just go down below and with the system variables I'm going to do the
exact same thing so that any other user might want to use a a U.S. ally can just simply use it.
So all right.
OK I'll hit ok again.
And here we go.
If we relaunch our command prompt again we should now see the AWOS running.
Our AWOS July is working properly and as we expect.